Where are you?
I'll be right there
Money money
Save my father
You dare to call a labor law offender, right?
Do you know what you are here for today?
I'll tell you what.
If he came today, he would die even worse
You are shameless
Call and say it's alright
Otherwise, the forestry industry will come to trouble me.
Only a dead end
And it's your child
You must not come either
You are a white woman
Tell your location
I'll go now, I'm fine.
You don't have to come.
I'll be fine in a while. I'll be fine in a while.
He doesn't mix like you
In one minute.
You need to know where you are now in 7 years
Count you
You were originally hired for forestry
I don't have to go to the forest.
But you have to get away with it.
So uncomfortable, it's too late.
I must calm down
Ah!
You are crazy I tell you
If you dare to touch me
I'll put you in jail tomorrow